HOLD FOR MTV 2.8.3: MTV 2.8.3 Release notes (#692)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/rn-28-resolved-issues.adoc

{project-first} 2.8 has the following resolved issues:

[id="resolved-issues-2-8-3_{context}"]
== Resolved issues 2.8.3

.VMware disks named by using a PVC template are not sorted correctly
In earlier releases of {project-short}, VMware disks with names generated by using a PVC template were not sorted by using the same method as the VM builder. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.8.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2303[(MTV-2303)]

.Post-migration hooks do not run

> In earlier releases of {project-short}, post-migration hooks failed to mount a `ConfigMap`API object. As a result, post-migration hooks did not run. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.8.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2421[(MTV-2421)]

Reviewer: Error in ``ConfigMap`API object` - no space between Map` and API

{project-first} 2.8 has the following resolved issues:

[id="resolved-issues-2-8-3_{context}"]
== Resolved issues 2.8.3

> .NIC mapping for VMs with multiple NICs is unordered

Reviewer 2: We are having problems with verifying this issue, so we might need to remove it from 2.8.3

Author: @mnecas OK, let me know.

Author: @mnecas I removed it as we discussed. Please review this PR again.

> In earlier releases of {project-first}, mapping of virtual network identity cards (NICs) for VMs with multiple NICs was not validated. As a result, {project-short} did not warn users if the mapping order of VMs with multiple NICs did not match the order of the source VMs. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.8.3 as follows: {project-short} validates the order of the VMs in the network map of the migration plan and, if needed, issues a warning that the user needs to create the network map in the same order as the source VMs. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2025[(MTV-2025)]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {project-first}, mapping of virtual network interface cards (NICs) for VMs with multiple NICs was not validated. 
```

> In earlier releases of {project-first}, mapping of virtual network identity cards (NICs) for VMs with multiple NICs was not validated. As a result, {project-short} did not warn users if the mapping order of VMs with multiple NICs did not match the order of the source VMs. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.8.3 as follows: {project-short} validates the order of the VMs in the network map of the migration plan and, if needed, issues a warning that the user needs to create the network map in the same order as the source VMs. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2025[(MTV-2025)]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {project-first}, mapping of virtual network interface cards (NICs) for VMs with multiple NICs was not validated. 
```
